>> And now the host of the
Nationally Syndicated Coast
to Coast AM and Gaiam TV bring
you Beyond Belief with George
Noory.
>>George Noory: Well hello!
And welcome to Beyond Belief.
You know, people from
all walks of life
have been reported
that they're seeing
UFOs, flying objects
in the skies, law
enforcement, astronauts,
people from all walks of life.
What the heck are they?
So we thought on
Beyond Belief, we'd
bring in a very
special investigator.
She is an Italo
American journalist,
please welcome Paola Harris.
Paola.
[Applause] >>George
Noory: How are you?
>>Paola Harris: Good to see you.
>>George Noory: Good to see you.
Have a seat.
My Italian Bella bella...
>>Paola Harris: Grazie, grazie.
>>George Noory: What
does it mean by the way?
>>Paola Harris: It
means beautiful,
beautiful that's
what Italians use
when they see women in Rome.
I just came back yesterday
by the way, got me
just as I came back from Italy.
I've been there for one month.
I was in Italy and in Belgium
and I'm doing a lot of work
internationally.
>>George Noory: What are you
doing these days in Italy
specifically?
>>Paola Harris: Well,
what I did specifically
was I had to give the Italians
an update as to what's
happening with UFOs
because, you know,
what they say is we're not
seeing anything that means
they are not coming here and
all this, but what's happening
is that we had two major events
here in the United States
and you know what they were,
they were the Sirius movie,
Dr. Steven Greer, he released a
film, it's not just about UFOs,
it's about free
energy and so forth
and then the Citizen
Hearing in April,
which was major big time.
I think that that
was, I attended
that, I, I sat in the front
row at the Citizen Hearing
in Washington DC, I didn't
even go to the bathroom,
it was so powerful, and I
had to report that to Europe
because, you know, there
they don't understand,
they don't watch,
they're not going
to watch a live
streaming in English,
and that was live streamed,
so in the lectures
that I did I talked about
things, yes, they do happen,
we're still having
sightings, and by the way,
there are some of us out there
that are trying to get this out
and that includes George.
So...
>>GN: You know, I
had a chance to talk
to Peter Davenport from the
National UFO Reporting Center
and he said he has
never seen a time where
he is getting more reports
into the UFO Center about UFOs
and sightings.
I think one of several
things might be happening.
One, maybe we're testing
a lot of drones and people
are seeing these strange
objects in the sky.
Or two, we're getting
more visitations.
If we're getting
more visitations,
Paola, what do you
think is going on?
>>PH: Well, I think there
is a third one George,
and that is there is an
awareness because if everybody,
if all those people were
looking into the live streaming
of the Citizen
Hearing that there
could be more awareness of
looking up to the skies.
What do I think is going on?
There is a heightened awareness
and of course we have drones...
>>GN: Sure...
>>PH: And, and, you know, the...
>>GN: Many.
>>PH: Many, in fact,
the Alitalia pilot,
and I have to say, it was an
Italian pilot that reported
the drone near the...
at JFK when he flew in...
>>GN: Almost hit him, didn't it?
>>PH: Yeah, almost hit
him, and I was thinking
was that really a drone?
Was that?
What could that have been?
I mean are they calling
even UFOs drones?
How do we know the difference
between a drone and a UFO?
So that gets to be in my
area of excel, politics,
our stuff or their stuff?
>>GN: Right.
>>PH: So yeah, so there's maybe,
there's more drones and then
the idea that there could
be more sightings if people
are more aware of
it, you know, I mean,
they're looking up in the skies.
I mean how many people
walk around looking down
instead of up?
>>GN: Well, what fascinates
me about these cases
though not just the drone size
visitations that they see,
but these huge
triangular shaped objects
that are in some cases people
are estimating a mile long.
Now can you imagine looking
at an object in the sky a mile
long?
I mean we look at a plane that's
4 or 500 feet long, right,
but can you believe
a mile long UFO.
I mean, we can't have
one of those here, right?
They're not ours.
>>PH: No, I don't think they're
ours, and you know, we had one,
I was in Belgium too and
there was a major Belgium
sighting that had a triangle
and it was photographed.
I think, I think who
goes crazy about this
is the military because they
can't do anything about it.
So, and that was
the Belgium military
that that a really sad story.
Just as the Mexican military
asked Jaime Maussan to help
them with the Campeche case with
the three lights over Campeche
and I think that
I, I really think
that whatever is out there
doesn't need to be tiny.
I mean people are reporting, you
know, football size whatevers
and they could be entire cities.
I mean, let your
imagination work.
>>GN: Maybe there's some
other ship up there,
just flying around the planet
and these objects come down
and go back up again, possible?
>>PH: I think absolutely,
if you study ufology,
and I'm hoping that a lot of
people do more academic study,
and since I'm a teacher, I
really want that to happen.
The sightings are
huge craft, I mean
there are some photos of huge
craft, so maybe there are,
and, and when we
say the mother ship,
yeah, there's maybe the
mother ship from one group,
but I think there are
several groups, don't you?
>>GN: Possibly.
But why is science,
why do they seem
to be so skeptical about the
fact that we might be visited?
I mean this is a vast
universe, they're
finding planets all
over the place, things
that we when we
were kids predicted
without any science
at all, we knew
that there were planets
around other star
systems in this universe.
Why is science so baffled
to accept the possibility
that there's life out
there and that they're
more advanced than us?
You give a civilization
a million years' head
start in the same chronology
of knowledge growth,
they're going to
be way advanced.
So they came here.
>>PH: Yeah, the
problem is it's just
the same argument as people
that say if I don't see one,
it doesn't exist.
Well, I'll tell you
I didn't see one
and that's not why I
started working this job,
you know, this, this
passion that I have,
science, how can science explain
something that comes here
and doesn't use our
form of propulsion?
How can science explain
something that doesn't
use petroleum, gas, oil?
How can science explain
even if we want to go there,
and I don't know if
we want to go there,
the contact scenario, you
know, the abduction contact
scenario, how can
science explain all that,
but we, we have something
growing called Quantum Theory.
You know, Quantum Theory,
there's a lot of people,
there's Dean Radin, there's
a lot of people working
in this area and, and,
and Quantum Theory,
and even Michu Kaku's
work is, and he's
very positive about
UFOs, as you know.
The possibility, I mean, there
are some avant garde scientists
that are going to
go there and I'm
hoping that our children
and our children's children
will go there, because
if they don't we're
stuck on this planet
and we can't go anywhere
and that would be totally
sad for the human race.
>>GN: Years ago, Paola,
I had an opportunity
to interview the late
astronaut Gordon Cooper who
was one of the original
seven Mercury astronauts
and he saw UFOs when he
was in one of his jets
and he took some film of it
and he said as soon as he
landed they confiscated the film
and he's never seen it again.
Now he has since died.
Apollo 14 astronaut Edgar
Mitchell walked on the moon,
he says, 'George, I've been told
by people in government that we
have been and are
being visited.'
Buzz Aldrin, the
only astronaut I've
interviewed who really
hasn't admitted anything.
He changes his mind
every once in a while.
But when you have
astronauts talking
about that, gentlemen
who are up in space,
what does that tell you?
>>PH: Astronauts are seeing
things all over the world,
and you know, the ones we
mentioned Edgar Mitchell being
the most prominent, and he even
testified at the Washington
Press Club that we should
open up the Roswell file,
so we need to
admire these people.
These people are
courageous because they're
credible people, they're people
that have worked at NASA,
they're, you know, they're
people that risk their jobs.
>>GN: They don't have any
reason to lie, do they?
>>PH: No, they don't,
and I think down deep,
if you've had a
sighting or if you've
heard that your colleagues
have had a sighting then
I think that that you understand
the importance of discussing
this because we don't have to
go public as much I believe
that we should have an
intelligent discussion,
dialogue about it.
>>GN: Absolutely,
the United Nations
has a representative
that they have brought
that will be the first greeter
to any extraterrestrials that
might visit the planet.
Now what does that tell you?
>>PH: Well, I don't know if
that was a publicity stunt
or if that was real, but that
did get down on the newspaper
some years ago and we all saw
it and I think that that would
be one of the institutions,
the United Nations because it's
international where
we might open this up
and George I don't
know if you know,
but at the end of the
Citizen Hearing the six,
you know, political
representatives basically
said, 'We can't handle this.
I'm sure it's not going
to go in the Congress.
The only thing we can
do is go to the United
Nations' and because Uruguay
was there and Paraguay,
they went to Latin America
to ask if one of the smaller
countries would be the one
to make the resolution.
You have to have a resolution.
>>GN: Right some one's
got to endorse...
>>PH: Some one's got to,
who has nothing to lose,
because, you know,
major country that
is you know, hooked on to
the G8 is not going to do it.
So I think that we've got
a possibility that a South
American, you know, Latin
American country like Paraguay
will bring a resolution to the
United Nations for a dialogue,
if nothing else,
just talk about it.
>>GN: Right.
And the Citizens Hearing was
really a mock hearing though,
just so everybody knows...
>>PH: Yeah, it was a...
>>GN: It was done with former
congressional and senate
leaders so they were
there on the panel,
real witnesses were
there, government people,
whistleblowers, and it was done
as if it were a real senate
confirmation or
investigative hearing
and it looked great Stephen
Bassett did an incredible job
there.
He and I differ,
though, I've always
told him governments aren't
going to fully disclose,
they're not going to come out
and say, we've been visited,
I'm sorry we've lied to you over
all these years and this it is.
The only way we're going
to get the information
is from people like
you and whistleblowers
like Edgar Mitchell and
the late Gordon Cooper
who come forward and
say this is going on,
I was ordered to do this,
you know, fire on UFOs
with their rockets and stuff
like that, that's how we're
going to find out about it.
>>PH: Well, you know, I
tend to agree with you.
I don't think any major
government's going to come
and say, guess what?
We've been lying
all these years.
However, let me tell you that
for me the Citizen Hearing,
and I, I talked to those former
counsel people and senators.
They were in shock.
There were 40 witnesses.
There were 39 men and one woman
that was Linda Moulton Howe
and I think those guys thought
they were going to be listening
to sightings and they got there
the first day and they sat down
and they were like really
okay, let's get this over with,
and one, the 40 witnesses
they were brought up
from all over the world, we
even had a general from Brazil,
were so credible, we had
Jesse Marcel and his children,
we had Nick Pope from, you
know, the from the ministry
of Defense of England.
The Randle [inaudible]
the Randle, Jim Penniston,
and Burroughs, the
first day I watched
the faces of these people
and they were all white.
Their jaws dropped,
they thought they
were dealing with
sightings, but when
they saw the credibility of
the witnesses that were there,
they were exhausted
after five days,
they didn't know what to do,
and I talked to Mike Gravel
from Alaska and he felt a
real need to do something.
He said he didn't know
it was this powerful.
>>GN: Well, when you
get credible people,
and not to say that the
average person isn't credible,
but when you get professionals
who were in that field,
whether they are law
enforcement or military,
you've got to wake
up and I could
see these congressional
folks hearing
this for probably the very
first time, thinking maybe these
are going to be
actors or whatever
and then it just blew
their mind didn't it?
>>PH: It changed
their lives, I mean,
I was watching their
faces, they were white,
I mean they were just,
they were shaking
when they had their
first coffee break,
I felt so bad for
them because you
know we've been doing this for
a long time, we know it's real,
we know, we know
we've been trying
to get this information
up, but they
didn't know, they didn't
know how to handle it,
they didn't know which way to go
so their questions were really
good, you know, it was a ten
minutes of giving a statement
and then the panel gave
the questions each one,
the questions were amazing,
and if nothing else happened,
George,
though we had a major media
event so we've got to thank...
>>GN: [inaudible]
>>PH: You know,
we've got to thank Steve
Bassett and Steven Greer two
quarterbacks this year,
I call them quarterbacks
because I'm using the metaphor
of a football team, okay,
so because this has to be a
team for doing it and it was
powerful.
Probably, it was so riveting
I didn't move off my chair,
not even to go to the restroom,
I didn't want to miss a minute.
No, I mean it was like, I
thought it would never happen,
now it was mock, you're right.
>>GN: It was mock, but
it was based on reality.
>>PH: It was mock, yeah.
>>GN: And that's
the important thing.
Let's take some
questions for Paola,
from you, so just
raise your hand
and we'll get right
to you, right here.
>> Is there some place that you
can get the, the testimony from
that hearing?
Have access to the information
that was presented there.
>>PH: Yeah, it's
on the internet,
you can go to the website for
the Citizen Hearing, a Paradigm
Research Group, so go to
paradigm research group.
>>GN: Or Google Citizens Hearing
for UFOs, you'll find that...
>>PH: Right, and
you can, you can
get some of the testimony,
some of the most powerful,
and remember it's not all
American because there were
a lot of people from South
America, Peru, Brazil, A. J.
Gevaerd came from Brazil with a
general talking about the fact
that the military are giving the
ufologists the material, which
never would happen here.
>>GN: Well, there are
some countries that
seem to be more lax in
hiding UFO information,
would you agree?
>>PH: Yeah, Brazil
is one of them.
>>GN: How about, sure...
>> Do you have a theory as to
why governments world wide are
withholding this
information from the public?
It's not just our
government but it
seems to be a phenomenon
around the world,
especially with people
testifying as you described
from other places.
>>GN: That's the
$64,000 question Paola -
why aren't they telling us?
I have my own thoughts I'll
mention that in a second.
>>PH: Yeah, you asked
us for our own theory
on this, okay, first of
all, other governments
like Canada, France who did the
COMETA Report, Great Britain,
Ireland, and several
South American countries
have released their UFO
files, at least they
say there are
UFOs, okay, so it's
America that is really
holding back and the reason,
this is my theory, okay, because
I've done so much research in,
in the back engineering
end of this situation
and I was the journalist
that brought Colonel Philip
Corso to Europe and I talked
to Colonel Philip Corso.
He was in research and
development at the Pentagon
and was in charge of
the Roswell crash pieces
to back engineer them in
the 1960's, wrote the book
The Day After
Roswell, if you want
to do some research because of
his testimony or his speaking
about this I realized
that when we have crashes
we do not throw the
craft in the trash
and that they do not
travel with gas and oil.
So what we have here is an
alternative, alternative energy
system, which would bring
down the whole entire economic
foundation of the
planet and this
is what the movie
Sirius is about,
Steven Greer's film,
the energy systems that
are being held back, and
I think unfortunately,
the United States has a vested
interest in not talking about
them yet, maybe in the future.
>>GN: I think that plays
a huge part, you know,
because we want
free energy and they
don't want to give it to us,
I think the other thing too
Paola is they really think
they're going to lose control
because if people really
believe that we have brothers
and sisters out there on
other planets, what does it do
to religion, what does it do to
control the people because all
of a sudden we are a federation,
a galactic federation,
we're not just, you
know, earthlings any more
and I think people's perceptions
of how they will treat life
will change dramatically, and
I think Governments think,
we can't control people
once they feel that way.
Do they?
>>PH: Yeah so,
absolutely, and I love
the way you worded that
because that is really true
and they would lose control,
they don't have it any way,
but they would
definitely lose control,
but I don't know
how you feel, but I
want to be part of a galactic
federation of neighbors
from other places because
we're stuck on this planet.
>>GN: Well, you know, the movie
Contact, one of my favorites,
where the alien came down
and was talking to Ellie,
you know, Jodie Foster
played that part,
and they talked
about they're all
searching for life out in the
universe because it's lonely
and I mean in a very strange
sense, when I was a little boy
and I would look at the
stars, I kept saying to myself
how sad would it be if all
this was just for us alone.
And there's more to that so
I started at a very young age
to conclude, No there's
got to be other planets
and I think the life forms are
probably the same every where,
we may look very similar
on other planets as well
and based on some of the
testimony of witnesses
there are a lot out there
that do look like us
or maybe we look
like them, you know,
and we'll get into that
whether we were seeded or not,
but let's take another
question for Paola.
Yes sir.
>> I'm a truck driver, I had a
sighting about three years ago
over New York City.
I was coming down the
New Jersey Turnpike
and I saw this orb
like this, there
was white color, the round balls
up there what are these things?
>>GN: Orbs.
Paola, lots of people see orbs.
>>PH: Well, one of
my books is called
How do You Speak
to a Ball of Light,
I've written four books on
this and actually the orbs
are, are a manifestation
of something.
If an orb shows
up on your camera,
it could be the manifestation
of some kind of energy.
if an orb shows
up in the sky, it
could be a manifestation
of a light around a craft
and that's the way it
appears because a lot of the,
for instance, the Mexican
case, the Campeche case were
nine orbs or seven orbs and,
and that's the way they appear,
but then when they
may, you know,
then transform themselves
into metal craft, it's just,
it was not ours, was it?
Do you think that was ours?
>> What I saw was this big
orange glowing light about
the size of four blips
floating up on New York City.
And then a couple
of days later I
heard on Coast to
Coast other people've
had the same sighting.
>>GN: Right.
>>PH: Well that's...
>>GN: Very strange Paola.
>>PH: That's what Robert
Salas reports with the missile
shutdown at Malmstrom Air
Force Base in the 1960's
that there was this
big orange light that
was over Malmstrom where he
was underground, you know,
attending to these 10
missiles and, you know,
slowly that one by
one they all shut down
and of course, the military
that were above ground
were freaked out totally
wanted to come underground
because of this big orange orb.
So yeah, I think
that's a manifestation
of the way they appear.
You saw a UFO.
>>GN: Let's take another
question for Paola, one more,
yes sir, way in the back.
>> Hi Paola, there, there must
be so many people involved
in the cover up more each
year when Gordon Cooper gives
the tape to someone they have
to receive it and look at it
and the group has to decide what
it is and then there are people
he asks what happened to the
tape they have to cover it up
so there must be more and more
people aware of hard evidence
all the time.
What keeps them all quiet?
>>PH: I, I...
>>GN: Well, they're petrified.
>>PH: Yeah, yeah, also you could
lose your job, I mean, if...
>>GN: You don't have a lot of
Edward Snowdens, the fellow who
released the NSA documents,
not a lot of people
do that, there're a
lot of people out there
that have taken
this secrecy oath
and they could lose
their job, they
could go to jail for releasing
really secret information.
I think that's one of the main
reasons why they don't do it.
>>PH: Well, you
take on a big risk,
I mean you take on a
major risk and people
have been threatened, you
know, that and families,
even if you decide you're going
to be step up to the plate
and be a hero,
you've got a family.
So it's very difficult
and those people that
are the whistleblowers
that, you know,
George calls the
whistleblowers, those people
are heroes because
they took the risk
and they took the risk to tell
the universe to tell everybody
in the world that
we're not alone
and this is not
just for us, it's
for your children
and grandchildren
so that the future knows exactly
what this reality is about.
>>GN: And most of them took
the risk after they retired.
They were smart enough to
keep their jobs for a while
and then they retired,
I wonder if that's
affected their pensions
or anything like that.
I would think it could.
>>PH: It could, I know that
didn't Governor Symington
wait until after he
retired to say he really
saw the Phoenix Light?
>>GN: Yeah.
>>PH: He saw the
craft over Phoenix
because before that
what did he do?
>>GN: He thought it was a joke.
Now, this is the four, while
he was the Governor of Arizona
Fife Symington and they had
the Phoenix Lights in 1997
where every body saw this huge
object, he at a news conference
had a guy dress up like an
alien and they laughed about it
and everything else,
years later, he
apologized on the Larry King
Show, I was on that show,
he said, I'm convinced this was
real, what people saw was real,
I made a mistake, I should
never have done that again,
and now, he's a
proponent of UFOs.
It's amazing how they
make that turnaround.
Dr. J. Allen Hynek,
whom you knew,
was a skeptic in
the beginning when
he was a consultant
for Project Bluebook.
He called this stuff swamp gas.
>>PH: That's true.
>>GN: That haunted
him for a long time,
but later on in his career
he recanted all this
and was a believer, went
on to write the book
Close Encounters of the
Third Kind, which Steven
Spielberg turned into a movie.
>>PH: Yeah, and a
lot of people feel
the responsibility
when they retire,
especially military people.
A lot of the people
at the Citizen Hearing
were retired military, and
one particular gentleman
talked about firing 46 rounds
of ammunition at a UFO.
It was the first time
he had ever spoken,
Colonel French and he
said he could never
tell his wife about it, but
he took an oath in front
of the mock hearing
and, and it was amazing
because he for the first
time said, I fired 46 rounds
and it didn't even
touch the thing.
>>GN: I'll always remember
a story I had on Coast
to Coast when a woman called
me one night and said,
my husband is never
late coming home ever,
but he came home tonight and
he was nervous and sweaty
and told me he was
abducted by aliens,
and I went, Oh
really, what happened?
And she said, and those
aliens you know what else they
did to him, and I'm going, Oh
my God, what did they do to him,
you know, and she said, they
took his wedding ring off.
And I went oh God...
>>PH: Oh...
>>GN: So here was a guy who used
the excuse he was abducted...
>>PH: I love it, I love it.
That's a great story.
>>GN: Strange stuff, Paola
what keeps you going?
What keeps you
fighting this fight?
Because you are obsessed
with this and you don't stop,
how come?
>>PH: I know a lot of it
is from my own pocket too,
because there's no, there's
no sponsor for this stuff.
I'm really, I'm a teacher
and I've taught high school,
I've taught here, I've taught
in Rome at the American Overseas
School, I've taught in Boulder,
Colorado and I think that
basically I'm obsessed with
education and it being done
the right way
academically and I,
something inside me really
was moved, as you know,
when I saw Close Encounters
at the very end when there was
that exchange with...
>>GN: Loved that exchange.
>>PH: Yeah, that that
made me cry, and...
>>GN: Would you go?
>>PH: I don't know
that people have asked,
I don't know if I
would, it depends...
>>GN: I would if I would,
if I could come back,
you know, and not too long,
I mean I don't want to,
I don't want my kids to be 95
when I come back, you know.
>>PH: Okay, under those
conditions, I'd go,
yeah, we should go.
>>GN: You know, we'd go,
I'd go for a few months.
>>PH: Should we
put that out there?
>>GM: You know what?
>>PH: Yeah, let's, let's
put that out there,
maybe we could go
and, and come back.
But I really think there was
something inside of me that
propelled me to meet
Allen Hynek, whom I worked
with for six years,
and you know,
George when I worked
with him it wasn't like
do you believe in UFOs,
he was a scientist,
he was an astronomer,
he wasn't playing around
so I knew it was real.
So then, you know,
when I was in Italy,
I realized that maybe I could
be of service to the planet
and that's basically
what I'm doing,
I'm just giving information.
Even in my books I don't put
a lot of my opinion in there.
People ask for my opinion,
I say this is my opinion,
it is not the truth,
this is not religion.
This is what I've done all
my books are interviews
with whistleblowers,
military pilots,
I really feel sorry
for the pilots
because they're never
briefed about this
and, and neither, I
don't know if astronauts
are briefed either about this.
>>GN: I bet they are.
>>PH: You think so?
>>GN: [inaudible] >>PH:
Yeah, if you see something,
don't say it.
>>GN: Paola you were very
close with the Late Monsignor
Balducci from the Vatican.
What was his role there
and what did he tell you?
>>PH: Well, he lived up
the street from me in Rome
so it was easier to
have dinner together
and he basically said that he
was, the Pope said it was okay
or the Pope allowed him
to say that it is not
against the Catholic
religion to believe in UFOs
and he also said that in, in
the evolutionary scale looking
at humanity what it's doing
to itself with the crime
and everything else,
so humanity is probably
on the bottom of the
ladder of evolution,
so whatever is out there
is much more evolved
and he said they were our
brothers and sisters, which
you know I'm wondering what,
where is he coming, you know,
where is he coming from
or what does the Vatican
know about this?
>>GN: And what do
they know about this?
I mean they have two
observatories, right,
looking into the heavens.
Why would the Vatican,
why would the church
want telescopes
and observatories?
>>PH: I think it's obvious, I
think they're looking to see
what's out there, and if what's
out there is coming our way,
and if they see that
something is coming our way,
they want to position themselves
as every major institution
would like to position itself to
be ready, maybe NASA will even,
I mean we're doing
it slowly, you know,
there's, there is water on
Mars, there is a microbe there,
there is, you know, and
if there is life there...
>>GN: Things we
knew 15 years ago.
>>PH: Yeah [inaudible]
>>GN: We talked about this.
>>PH: But, but, but
what's coming here then,
I mean, no, microbes
aren't coming here.
So what we're doing is
what's called a slow process
release of information
and I, you know,
you asked me what
keeps me going,
I want it to be done
properly, I don't want,
you know, a lot of stuff on
internet is not real and it, it
I mean there's a lot of rumors
and a lot of fear mongering
and so forth.
I'd like it to be done
on an academic scale.
>>GN: I do too.
>>PH: Yeah and, and
I think you help
a lot George I really thank
you for everything you do.
>>GN: No, you know,
it, it's something
that I since I was a
little boy have believed in
and I just want answers.
You know, I'm doing this
to get answers so I,
so like you will be able to tell
my kids and my grandchildren,
you know what, we are not
alone in the universe,
simple as that.
And that's my quest
and I'm not stopping
and neither are you obviously.
>>PH: No.
I mean it's something
inside it's something,
it's certainly not the any
kind of money or any kind
of, it's, it's very difficult
for a women in this field...
>>GN: It is huge.
>>PH: Because, you know,
it's, it's very difficult,
but you know I'm
just doing the best I
can like a lot of my colleagues
and, and we just do what
we can do and get it out there.
For the people that
are interested,
the other people that
are not interested,
I mean I get questions, how
do I convince my friend?
You don't convince your friend.
If your friends aren't
interested let them go.
If you're interested, then it is
something you should research.
>>GN: Zecharia Sitchin,
God rest his soul,
concluded in his research
that extraterrestrials
came to this planet a long
time ago, 400,000 years ago
and they wanted gold,
they needed gold
to sprinkle into their
atmosphere to contain things,
but they got tired of doing
the work themselves so they
decided, 'Hey look at
these creatures that
are running around this planet.
Let's play with them a little
bit genetically and turn them
into workers.'
Do you think that's
how it all started?
>>PH: Well I interviewed
Zecharia Sitchin
and he was a very, very
good scholar, as you know.
>>GN: Yes.
>>PH: So he did his
homework, I mean,
he went all over
the world looking
for proof of this in sculptures,
in petroglyphs and all kinds
of things, yeah, I mean why
not, that's a possibility,
I think, but I don't think it
was just the an anarchy that
could have ceded us,
I think just knowing
that there are
different races, I
mean if you really do research
there are different races
that, that are
visiting this planet,
I think that maybe they left
some, some people behind
and it's a possibility.
Look at the diversity
of this planet.
>>GN: Absolutely.
I mean we have so many
ethnicities on this planet
and you look at that and
you go how can this be?
I think this is the way I think
that every ethnic race that we
have on this planet is a
separate extraterrestrial race
that has come here and
altered whatever we had,
maybe that missing link.
>>PH: Yeah, if you want
to add another thing
and you really want to
study this because I,
I love academics.
What about the
Bible when they say
that people lived to be 115
and 120 and 110 and so on?
>>GN: Or Methuselah.
How old was he?
800 years old,
something like that?
>>PH: Maybe that
was not a human.
I mean you, you don't
know, it's really difficult
because I think our history
needs to be rewritten,
our history has been
told to us and there
are several, thank God,
there are several shows that
talk about ancient
aliens because I think
that the whole UFO question,
the whole alien question
is also a historical question.
>>GN: You just said something
that was very interesting,
thank God.
Is there a God?
If extraterrestrials
subseeded us,
if Genesis confused
fallen angels
for fallen extraterrestrials,
is there a God?
>>PH: Well, I think absolutely.
I mean absolutely, I, I wouldn't
see what the, what the problem
is and I'm Italian, so all the
renaissance paintings have god
be, you know, the
white haired person...
>>GN: In a cloud.
>>PH: In a cloud, you know,
like Michelangelo's, you know,
Sistine Chapel and he's
created Adam, so forth.
What if Adam was
genetically created
and what if we are dealing
with a force, a very
intelligent force that
has made the universe
and I think mathematics
and quantum physics approve
that there is order
in the universe,
and if there is order,
then something did
it is just that it's beyond
our capacity to, we call it,
we call him or it.
You know, I, I hate to
use him because it's
like the renaissance
paintings, but whatever
force is out there is
there, we can't deny that.
I don't think we can
deny that at all, yeah
and I think that some
of the contactees
have talked about interactions
with beings who have said
that they believe that too.
>>GN: Well there's,
there is no doubt,
there's got to be
something else out there.
There's, there's a force,
there's an intelligence,
this is not a fluke,
we're not here
with some accident
working, doing
what we do in our lives
thinking something's behind it.
I, I don't think specifically
it is a man in a cloud at all,
but there is some kind
of force in the universe,
we call it God for lack of
a better understanding of,
of what it could be, but I
am convinced that humankind
probably started by
some genetic altering
by extraterrestrials who
themselves are probably looking
for that same answer who
created us, how did we get here,
and this might be a series
that has gone on and on and on,
but I think we were jumpstarted.
>>PH: Yeah, I think it makes
sense, I mean it's logical.
Lot of the stuff is just
logical because look
at what we're doing today.
Can you project
the future about...
>>GN: Oh my gosh!
>>PH: You know 600
years from now.
We might be genetically
having children.
You know, I, I hear you
can pick whether you
want a boy or girl today.
So I mean things
really advance, I just
hope that we don't lose, you
know, what's called our soul,
and you know, our
compassion, our, our essence,
I think whoever is out there
is really interested in humans
because we have
this ability to love
and have emotions
and, and sacrifice,
even though we have
that other side.
I think that they're interested
in the human capacity to love.
>>GN: Well they're
growing body parts now on,
on little animals.
You know they, they grew
a human ear on a mouse.
They grew a person's nose on
his arm and pretty interesting,
huh?
>>PH: Yeah, well I think that's,
that's we're going very fast
into a, all kinds
of new discoveries
even on a genetic
level that, you know,
I'm, I'm wondering about
the whole idea of cloning.
You, you want to
go there, that's,
that's gets very strange.
>>GN: And that will happen.
>>PH: Absolutely,
that will happen.
>>GN: I mean the technology of
today with what they're doing,
and you know, the, the
thing to me that's scary
and I, and again, I think
our extraterrestrial brothers
and sisters use
techniques like this,
but now they're putting
body parts into animals
and they're going
to grow them, you
know they're going to
grow a liver in a pig
and it'll be a human liver,
but it'll be grown in a pig
and they're going to take
that out and put it in a human
and I'm wondering what will
happen one day to that human,
I mean will he have
characteristics of a pig?
Is he going to wake up
in the morning and oink?
You know, what's
going to happen?
>>PH: Those are questions I
hope that the scientists that
are doing that I hope they
asked that question themselves.
>>GN: But it's going to happen.
>>PH: Yeah.
>>GN: And it's going to
happen sooner than later.
You know, the
progression of science
every few years is
dramatic all by itself.
>>PH: You know, one of the
things that Colonel Philip
Corso told me was that when,
when he was doing the research
on this at the beings that
were in the Roswell craft,
interacting with the craft,
they had a helmet that could
interact with the...
kind of a metal helmet
that would interact
with the craft and the craft
and the being would become one,
so he, he asked, he would
talk about putting implants
in people's brains and how that
would be in the future, which
would be artificial intelligence
and we get into some really
ethical questions here, we
get into some real serious
discussion, that's why
I wish we would talk
about this because
it's also interesting,
but if we could do
it without ridicule,
can you imagine what kind
of interesting discussions
we could all have?
>>GN: I interviewed a person on
Coast to Coast who's a cyborg.
He's got chips in his system to
be able to do different things
and it's just going
to be a matter of time
where you and I will be able
to communicate with each other
just with mind thought because
it'd be almost like we have
little telephones in our head,
you know, and I'll think Paola,
Paola are you getting this?
And, and you will.
I mean that's
unbelievably bizarre.
>>PH: It is.
>>GN: You know, so you
give a civilization
a million years ahead of us or
a billion years ahead of us.
They've done some
incredible things with us
and I think as you
mentioned Adam and Eve,
I think Adam and Eve
were the first humans,
but they were
genetically created
and then from them others came.
>>PH: Yeah, that's a, that's all
possible, I mean it's logical.
>>GN: But why?
Why come here, why seed
us, why get us going?
>>PH: Well, you know,
this is a gorgeous place.
I mean it's going downhill,
but it's a beautiful planet.
I mean it is, I, I've just
travelled all over, you know,
Europe and seen the beauty that,
that we have on this planet
and I think that in order to
have that you have to have
an appreciation for that, so
you have to have a human being
appreciating the planet.
>>GN: Sure.
>>PH: And I think that, you
know, why were we created?
Probably, you know,
Monsignor Balducci, he was,
I just really miss him, he
said to bring glory to God.
He said the more people that are
created all over the universe,
the more people can
bring glory to God,
and I thought, well,
that's pretty cool.
In, in other words why would
it be just humans doing that
because what we have out
there, and, we've only
seen planet earth.
Can you imagine all the planets,
how gorgeous they could be?
Remember Science Fiction,
you remember the pictures?
>>GN: Absolutely.
>>PH: Wow [inaudible] and
also could be beautiful.
>>GN: They just found
a blue dot planet,
which means that
they're convinced
it might have some
water on it because it
looks like Earth from afar.
But they said the average
temperature on the planet
is 2000 degrees and
that the winds howl
at 4000 miles an hour.
Can you imagine that?
And that it rains glass,
what kind of a planet
would that be then?
But that we're very
lucky to have what
we have here, which
is the basis for life,
but I think there're
many planets like that,
that have that and,
and I'm convinced
that if you find a
planet like Earth that
has the same kind of temperature
and has water, life like this
is going to evolve.
The big question is
then how far does it go?
Do you have to
get to that planet
and jumpstart it a little bit?
And here we are because I'm
not a believer that we started
from little microorganisms.
>>PH: Well, it, it
just would take...
>>GN: There's more to it than...
>>PH: It would take
a long time, let's
face it with microorganisms.
Did you see the film Mission to
Mars which is one of, I loved
that because...
>>GN: Yeah, I did, it
didn't go over too well
at the box office.
>>PH: No, because, it didn't
go over too well because they,
they talked about Cydonia,
and from what I understand,
Brian De Palma made a
deal not to go there
and he even had to
leave the country when,
when the film came up,
but in Italy it did.
In Italy, it was a big hit.
Now how come that film was a
great in Italy and everybody
went to see it and here it
was not promoted as much.
But in that film you
see the female alien
showing the DNA and the
progression of how that
happened on planet Earth,
that the people from Mars, had
to because of catastrophe, let's
hope this doesn't happen here,
had to migrate to
another planet?
And you know maybe we need
to look at all these science
fiction films because maybe
there is some truth in some
of these you know.
>> GN: I think so too.
Where did they get the
information for these films?
Were these [inaudible]
that smart?
>> PH: Yeah.
Well...
>> GN: Or did they
get some inside info?
>> PH: There's I think that
that's one of the things that I
think that...
In the case of Mission Mars I
know Richard Hoagland told me
he had been friends with Brian
De Palma's brother, Bruce,
who was in MIT.
And that they had agreed as
a homage to Bruce who I think
died of cancer...
>> GN: He did.
>> PH: that they
would tell the truth.
So they told the truth so it
wasn't big box office hit here,
but it was in Europe.
I was in Italy and
it was a big...
explain that to me.
So I am thinking
to myself, alright,
well that's an
interesting, well that's
one of the most interesting,
what you want to go back
to 2001 Space Odyssey?
>> GN: There's another one.
There's another one.
>> PH: There's another one and
I was very young when that came
out and I tried to digest that.
And then we have artificial
intelligence, with,
that's Cooper too.
>> GN: I love that one.
>> PH: I love that movie.
In that film the beings
go to the little boy
and say we have no
memory of Planet Earth,
we only have you,
who has a memory
and then they clone
his mother for a day.
Because he had cut off her
hair and they the DNA to clone.
>> GN: Right.
>> PH: Now a lot of these
films, if you put them together,
I'm sure you'll have this
class called Science Fiction
and Reality.
>> GN: That would
be well attended.
>> PH: Wow!
Yeah.
You know I'd teach
that in two minutes.
And, yeah, I love
the whole idea.
And the thing is you know
there's a lot of true,
and there's, what we
thought as science fiction
as you just mentioned with
the cloning, the parts,
is becoming reality today.
>> GN: It sure is.
They're making
them from printers.
3D printers.
Let's take some questions
for Paola Harris.
Who's got one?
Yes, way over here.
>> You mentioned 2001 A Space
Odyssey by Arthur C. Clark,
have you ever read A Childhood's
End and do you think that is
an accurate description of what
it will be like after contact
has been made
publicly worldwide.
>> PH: Well you know Childhood's
End the overlords come over
and take over so, what we got
going is an alien invasion.
But what had happened in
that, that book, and I used
to teach that because I
was an English teacher, so,
what has happened in that
book is that humanity just
didn't you know, pull its
weight and the overlords
or the beings that decided
to take the children away,
off the planets.
So, no, I hope not.
I hope we get it
together, I hope
that they don't come here
and take the children away,
because you know they're saving
the children because we've
actually messed everything up.
No, I don't believe
in an alien, they
could have done
it a long ago, I'm
not into false flagger
alien invasion or peer
mongering or any of that stuff.
That's just me.
>> GN: Alright, and you probably
have some people too who would
say we're not being visited.
This is all nonsense, we're
alone in the universe,
there's nobody else out there.
Like I said earlier, you
can't convince these people.
>> PH: No, and that's okay.
Its okay, it's not
about convincing them.
They'll, if it's meant to
be, they'll read something
or you know maybe
they'll have a sighting
like some people have had.
So, you know I
think that's okay,
but I think for the people who
have the least bit of curiosity
about who we are, where we
came from, what's going on,
and who'll look
up at the stars, I
think it's very important
to talk about this.
>> GN: Let's take some
more questions for Paula.
Yes, sir?
>> Leading physicists
today, Ray Kurzweil,
Michio Kaku who you
mentioned, speak of different
civilizations, type
zero through 5,
regarding where we're going
to be in the future and some
of the projects they're
working on project 2045 with
singularity, where they're
trying to put consciousness
into a computer.
Can you comment on where
we would have to be,
what kind of
civilization we would
have to reach to get there?
>> GN: And right now we're on
the bottom of the totem pole
in terms of a civilization, we
haven't elevated much as Michio
Kaku would say you know we need
many more points to graduate
and get up there.
>> PH: Yeah, like a Type 1.
The thing is that putting
consciousness into a computer,
I'm wondering about
the consciousness.
Because right now we need to
work on our consciousness.
So, I don't know why we would
put all this effort and money
into putting consciousness
into a computer.
I'll tell you that one of
the people I admire most
in the field is Grant Cameron.
Who UFO you know presidents.
He has just switched over
to consciousness studies.
Because he has finished doing
all the history of the UFO
presidency, his
book is amazing, I
think you know everybody
should read everybody else's
book so we could all
get this together.
And he, he's going into
consciousness study,
the study of consciousness.
Which is a secret and he talks
about this to the UFO situation
when Ben Rich said we
have the technology
to bring ET back home, and then
Jan Harsen who is with Mufon
[phonetic] goes up to him and
says how does that happen.
And he says do you, what
do you know about ESP?
This is Ben Rich, they
had a Lockheed Martin
who's saying this.
Okay.
What do you know about ESP?
Well let's go back to
where Colonel Corso said
about the being
interacting with the craft.
So, there you go about
you know going to looking
at putting into a machine.
However conscious is split,
but we got a long ways
to go, I mean, we got
some serious problems
on this planet.
Some serious value issues.
I know everybody
is on survival mode
and in Europe the crisis
is worse than here,
and they were just, they were
just depressed politically
when I was over there.
Everybody is much
happier over here.
But, we need to get
past our problems
on the planet to get into
the level of spirituality
and consciousness and
come together as one.
Somebody said, how are you
going to speak to an alien
if you can't speak to
the guy next to you?
So we've got some serious
value issues with this.
>> GN: Let's take another
question for Paola Harris.
Who's got one?
>> Hi, I was in the navy for 12
years and a lot of what I got
to see, being in
communications was,
we had a lot of disinformation.
Do you think that
that's part of what's
going on with the government
that they put out information
that is not a 100%
so they can say
that they're giving
us information
but they're really not?
>> GN: Misinformation?
>> PH: That's a
really good question.
Thank you.
By the way, the navy is
very involved in UFOs.
Very involved.
In fact a lot of the pilots
in NASA were navy pilots.
Early astronauts,
NASA were navy pilots.
Yeah.
I mean that's really
the way it works.
What happens is you get a real
story, a real picture, and then
you have the one that you
know is done on Photoshop
that comes right after it.
So you throw the
whole thing out or you
know disinformation or
discreditation of the witness.
They find something
about your past.
And then it's all cancelled out.
I mean, disinformation is
mixed in with the real stuff.
People ask about the
famous alien autopsy.
Do you remember the
Santali footage?
I'm convinced, because I was
in Europe when this was all
coming done and my
boss at the magazine
was working with Santali that
there are about 5 or 6 frames
in that that are real.
And then they had to create
the rest of it that isn't real,
so what they had to
do then is backtrack
and say the whole
thing wasn't real.
But it was an effort,
a very strange effort
to get the material out there.
Because what happens?
All television stations carry
this thing so everybody is
thinking, oh, my
God this is the...
>> GN: This is it...
>> PH: You know this is it.
This is the real stuff
and it brings an awareness
and then you get pulled
back that it is not real
but there are 4 or 5
frames that are real.
So what do you want to...
this is the way the thing works.
That's what's so bad.
And what's even worse today
is that our own people,
our people, lot of my own
colleagues become debunkers
when the thing is
real and I think
I always put on my Facebook
page, opinion is not research.
So you have to like
analyze the whole film,
analyze the whole
picture, you have
to take it into a studio
and that costs money.
So they're not going to do that.
They're going to say,
that doesn't look
real, that looks like a fake.
Or they'll write, fake,
without ever doing anything.
So yeah, that's a
good question about,
yeah, there's disinformation.
And does the
government put it out?
I think there is this, that
happened in the beginning,
specially with Roswell,
the first newspaper
was that it was a crash
saucer, the second
is it's a weather balloon and
now we go into weather balloons
everywhere.
>> GN: And then project
mogul with dummies.
And they kept changing it.
Let's take one last
question for Paula Harris.
Somebody here had a question.
Yes sir?
>> Paola, in your informed
opinion how many extra
terrestrials groups are
we dealing with here?
Historically and presently.
>> PH: Okay, now you have to
remember the, in the beginning
of the 1950s we had the space
brother movement with Adamski,
Van Tassel and all that.
They were human.
Then Betty and Barny Hill
were taken and then the grey
situation came in.
Remember?
That was in the50s.
So now everything is grey.
Little grey beings.
Then all at once and in Brazil
we have the Virginia case with
the little being that
was, and that's recent,
he was taken to the
hospital and he was,
he had reddish skin with two
protuberance coming out of his
head, doesn't look
like any grey.
>> GN: It's the devil.
>> PH: Yeah.
He looked like the devil.
But it was a real case.
There's all kinds of
witnesses plus Roger Leer
wrote a book about this.
So, and then I did
go to Smith Rudy.
I did go and investigate like
Wendell Stevens, Billy Meyer
and I will support
the Billy Meyer case.
>> GN: It's very, very...
>> PH: It's real.
>> GN: Real case.
>> PH: It is.
Those were people that
came out of that craft
that they were plagirians
and I talked to the people
in the village and they
saw craft and so forth.
And you have to go
there and talk to them.
You can't just...
>> GN: Plus you know what, we
didn't have Photoshop in those
days.
And [inaudible] came up with
some of the greatest UFO photo
films ever.
>> PH: I know.
But the problem
is our own people
are debunking the Billy Meyer.
Now what would they do that
without going to Smith Rudy,
talking to people
in the village.
I saw Billy and his
group around town
and I even saw the
hole through the tree
that the, that weapon
you know supposedly did.
So, you ask me how many.
I can only tell you what
Clifford Stone told me,
Clifford Stone crash retrieval.
The book is Eyes Only,
he told me 57 races
and Colonel Corso told
me 52 races, categorized
in the Pentagon.
So do they know?
Of course.
It's logical.
Of course they know.
But they can't do
anything about it,
you can't tell them to
come down and hang out.
So, yeah, there's many races.
And I think, I find that
extremely interesting
and I'm hoping
other people will.
>> GN: I do too.
I do too.
Travis Walton, Fire in the Sky.
Fellow with his
logging friends and he
got zapped and taken away, they
all passed lie detector tests.
He remains one of the
most compelling interviews
I have ever done.
>> PH: He is, because he
never changes his story.
And he's not doing it
for any other reason
except telling the truth.
You know, he, Travis
is a good friend.
He came to Italy several
times and he basically
has the same story and
he's very confused by it,
because he saw two different
races aboard the ship,
he saw the greys and
he saw these blondes.
These blondes, he
called them, he
called them brother
and sister because they
looked so much alike.
A male and a female and this
was in Snowflake, Arizona.
This was in the 1970s and
he was missing for 5 days.
So much so that the other
lumberjacks who were with him
were almost
prosecuted for murder.
So this is, both the movie Fire
in the Sky is not accurate.
It's there out to scare the
living daylights out of...
>> GN: It's Hollywood.
>> PH: It's not accurate.
So if you're seeing
it don't go think
that that's what happened.
There was no scariness.
He basically, I think, was
playing around under the craft
and when they hit
him with the beam
I think they could
have killed him
and maybe he thinks they brought
him to life aboard the craft.
Because he found himself with
a crystal piece of something
on his chest.
Of course when he saw grey
beings he is scared to death
and almost picked at
something to throw at them.
What's really crazy
about that story
though is when he comes
out of the craft he
is in a hair with
other you know craft
and he thinks it's
one of our players.
So it gets to the question,
is there cooperation.
Which is a major
question in Ufology.
>> GN: A lot of people, and
I know that abductions is not
your forte, but something
strange is going on on this
planet.
You have millions
of people saying
that they've been abducted.
They are either all insane,
all delusional, or something
very strange is happening.
What fascinates me
Paula too, is the theory
that government is doing this,
to try to mind control people.
Is that even conceivable?
>> PH: I think it's
a little bit of both.
I mean I think that it's
really hard with the abduction
situation, because we have no
way of proving that like you
can with the military or
an astronaut or air traffic
controller.
So I don't do a whole
bunch of abduction cases
but I do look into it.
And I think that some kind
of either hybridization
or genetic manipulation
is going on.
Yeah.
I think about Hopkins
work and you know,
and I knew John Mack, Dr. John
Mack, I knew him very well.
And he, he talked about it.
We personally talked about it.
There was something going on.
I think it's backed off a little
bit now, but maybe, I mean,
do you want to go there?
If we do something to this
planet there will be nothing
left of humanity and may be
races trying to save some DNA
to put it somewhere
else or maybe
they are creating a hybrid race.
Could the government
be copycatting it?
Absolutely, I mean
it could be because,
look we have our
stuff or their stuff
up there, if we have advanced
technology, this thing back
engineered and I think
Georgia, talks about that.
At Area 51 and we're
looking at something,
anymore it gets really
tricky what we're looking at.
Is it some, you know,
some kind of prototype
that we're looking at?
Or is it their stuff or,
it gets really crazy.
But I think that
yeah, the answer
is yes, it's a possibility.
>> GN: Dr. John Mack, of course,
Harvard trained psychiatrist,
decided to shift his entire
practice from psychiatry
into alien abductions and that
phenomenon died tragically when
he stepped off a curb in London
and got hit by a drunk driver.
Do you think that was
purely an accident?
>> PH: Uh, huh.
>> GN: You do.
>> PH: I do, because he was
with me in Florence, Italy,
he was looking at all...
>> GN: A leg of that trip?
>> PH: No, it was
the year before.
It was the year before.
We were walking down,
because we had invited,
it was one of his last lectures,
in fact I have his last,
one of the last lectures in my
book and he basically walking
in the middle of the street
and there were all these little
motor, these motor...
>> GN: Scooters and stuff?
>> PH: I took my elbow
and I pushed him back
on the sidewalk.
Because you know he would
walk around like this,
you know kind of hunched
down and was just
fascinated with
everything, with the Duomo,
with the Pitti Palace and
everything in Florence.
And I just really believe that
you don't go walking around
London at 10:30 at night,
when you're looking you know,
you have to look
the opposite way.
>> GN: With your head down.
>> PH: With your head down, you
have to look the opposite way
because they drive on the
opposite side of the road.
And if it's a drunk
driver you know, I think.
You want to hear an
interesting story though,
he was interested
in life after death
and he was looking into
that as a new book.
And by accident or what he said
to Mark Cummings, with whom he
was working, I could do a
better job on the other side.
>> GN: Well, he's there now.
>> PH: And that is very strange.
I could do a better
job on the other side.
So it, he's there now.
In fact I am getting shivers.
>> GN: Strange how
these things happen.
>> PH: I loved that man.
He was very logical, he
was very compassionate.
I never heard him say anything
negative about anybody
and he really did a great job
on the abduction phenomenon.
>> GN: He sure did.
Paola, people want more
information on what you do.
Where do they find you?
>> PH: On two
websites, www.paola,
I spell my name
P a o l a Harris,
www.paolaharris.com or I do
conferences and I am doing one
in Chicago on the O'Hare
case on May, from 2 to 4,
2nd to the 4th in 2014,
www.starworks.com So I really
believe in dialog so that's why
I'm supporting that conference
in 2014.
>> GN: Well, good for you Paola,
I mean we need more journalists
like you in this
field to investigate,
to probe and try to get some
answers to the mysteries that
we're always trying to see
and find out and you do just
a wonderful job doing that.
>> PH: Thank you.
>> GN: Let's hear it Paola
Harris, on Beyond Belief.
And keep watching Beyond Belief
for more fascinating guests.
[Applause_] [Music_]